You guys are welcome back to the it is of course.
Hope you're enjoying it.
It's early so far.
I'm in this for you.
I wanted to take you on a quick.
So this is what life looks like here this is a small village it's early morning in Africa.
And one of the things that block chain promises is that through its transparency through the immutable
Ledger technology it will bring prosperity to third world countries such as this one because of the.
You know because it's going to corruption's going to go it's just running around here.
Yeah because America is going to be hard is going to be easier to move funds across borders help people
start projects and things like that.
And so by taking this course you're contributing and going towards that space.
And that's that's very exciting.
And while we're on this walk also wanted to give you a quick heads up.
You me very soon is going to ask you to leave review for this course.
Now I know it can be difficult to judge the quality and value of a course this early on.
However the enemy review system has simply changed and they're asking you to leave a review earlier
and earlier on in the course.
Now having said that we're not going to ask you to leave a five story discourse.
However what we would like to ask is that if you're not familiar enough of the Course to read it if
I say of course then please scroll through the tutorials and have a look at the topics that we cover
you'll see that we cover our blog Shane.
Bitcoin is theory I'm smart contracts and lots and lots of different exciting topics I from the intuition
side of things and practical side of things.
And hopefully once you see all of this that will give you the confidence to rate this course a course.
On the other hand if you feel that something's wrong with the course if you're unsatisfied unhappy about
something then before you rate the course please let us know.
You can contact the super design support team directly or you can leave us a message in the course Q&A
and we will see your feedback there.
Your feedback is extremely important and we will take into account and hopefully after we've done that
that will give you the confidence to rate this course of course.
Now on that note if something is wrong for Bush to sell but if you're completely satisfied if you're
happy about everything if you're having a great time then and you think that this is this is indeed
a fire storm of course and please rate it appropriately so that everybody else in the world will know
that this is a five star of course and that they can learn to walk in confidently from it.
Thanks so much guys for being here in this small changes that you've got a very exciting journey ahead
of you.
And I also hope you enjoyed this little walk through.
On that note I would say that there is a world in it for them.
I want say.